Vivian: Let me worry about Nils.
-[screams]
The only thing on your mind
should be Nobel.
-General.
Martin: Hilton has moved up
the investor presentation
to tomorrow.
Unless you can figure out
the formula. we are dead.
-I'm tiny
and I know it's a shock.
-Dad did this.
-It was an accident.
-Professor Littlejohn
is the true author
of "Untitled on Purpose."
-Your publisher
better have deep pockets.
-You are good people.
-I misappropriated
my student's story
and didn't correct it.
-I flunked out of school.
I have to go in front
of the review board tomorrow.
make a case or whatever.
Dad.
-What did she tell you?
Lulu: A lot.
-You know I love you. kiddo.
-Yeah. I know.
Les: She didn't tell me
that she loved me back.
-Now you're being dramatic.
-Now she thinks
I'm a fuckin' liar.
Lindy: Every dad
disappoints eventually.
It's finally your turn.
What the fuck are you--?
[gasping]
You're dead.
Richard: I am very much alive.
-I never meant to hurt you.
-Yes. you did.
-Call it even?
-Even Steven.
You know she's coming
for you.
Les: Oh. I do.
And I can't fucking wait.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[gentle music playing]
-Oh.
-Oh. goddamn.
Oh. Uncle Sam
could get behind that. huh?
My Pentagon pals are
gonna love this tiny shit.
They're so cute.
Hilton: Guess what's even cuter?
Shipped across the world
for the price
of a first-class stamp.
and then restored
to regular size
on the battlefield.
From bang to boom.
And with your connections.
bang to boom
to big fucking bucks.
[explodes]
[chuckles]
[grenade clatters]
[grunting]
[laughter]
Hilton: A close one.
That was a close one.
General.
this changes everything.
[tense music playing]
Lindy: I'm coming for you.
[loud banging]
-You crossed the line.
You made me tiny
and tried to flush me
down the toilet.
[power tool whirring]
-You wanted to drown me.
[grunting]
It's my turn now.
Death is too easy.
but I can make you suffer.
[scoffs]
Your swimming pool. moat...
[chuckles]
...cannot stop me.
I may be small forever.
but I've never been
more powerful.
Hey. what the--?
Whoa!
[screaming]
Oh! [grunts]
I must destroy
your greatest prize.
"I must break you."
Drago. Rocky IV.
[laughing]
-Laugh it up.
Laugh...it...up.
Let's reset.
[upbeat music playing]
Lindy: Well. well. well.
Am I to assume you're blocking
my path to protect Les?
-I'm protecting science.
-You're protecting the man
who tried to kill you.
-Drawn to wrath by you.
-It was a kiss.
-A naked kiss.
-Fine. A naked kiss.
Now. move.
Richie. please don't
make me hurt you.
-Hurt me?
You destroyed me.
-Richie...
I am sorry. truly...
sincerely sorry.
You're a good man.
A really good man.
Now. please...
move.
-I implore you to think
about what you're doing.
Hilton has...
has moved the demonstration
to this morning.
This... This is Les' last chance
to fix the formula.
And so. we just--
we both need him to succeed.
So. regardless
of what's happened.
just think about
your future and mine.
hmm?
-[Lindy exhales]
-Your generosity of spirit
will be instrumental
in our restoration
and a scientific discovery
for the ages.
One worthy of the recognition
of the highest order.
the Nobel.
-Oh. Richie. Richie.
Richie. Richie.
You almost had me convinced.
Get the fuck out of my way.
-What. what...
-I would rather die
a six-inch death
than see Les Littlejohn
win a fucking Nobel.
-You're gone.
You're gone into
the heart of darkness.
-The curve.
Follow the curve.
The curve to infinity.
I need to reset.
I need to rest.
I'm so close.
What's the math?
What is it that you don't see?
[rhythmic music playing]
What...
don't...
you...
see?
-[objects rustling]
-[breathes deeply]
Lindy?
[quirky music playing]
-[snoring]
Lindy: Les. wake up.
-[gasps]
[tense music playing]
[eyeball squishes]
-[screaming and grunting]
[small splash]
Fuck! Where the fuck are you?!
You evil. tiny bitch! Fuck!
Ugh!
You made a fucking canoe.
I'm bigger than you!
I will crush you! I will win!
Ugh.
Ow. ow. ow!
[metal clanging]
-[grunts]
Oh. come on.
[objects clattering]
-[Lindy screams]
Help. Les!
-Lindy?!
Lindy!
If you're hurt. answer me.
We can call a timeout.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do. Fuck.
Lindy [on megaphone]:
Help. Les!
-I'm coming. Lindy!
I'm coming!
And I'm trusting.
Oh. Whoa. This is a timeout.
Lindy.
We agreed. right?
[grunting]
I'm here now.
Ow. Ow.
[coughing]
-My pathetic hero.
-I called a timeout.
-I didn't agree.
-Ugh.
You're a poor sport
and a monster.
-You deserved it.
You're a sore loser.
-You preyed upon the last shred
of my compassion.
-Good. Now we're even. Time in.
-So there was a timeout.
-In your mind.
I'm dumbin' down to play along.
-Oh. yeah.
You don't need to dumb down.
You've been dining out
on dumb luck
for the last 20 fuckin' years.
-Dumb luck?
That's what jealous.
resentful people call talent.
-Talent is the battle cry
among housewives
over midday Chardonnay.
-I teach.
-Yeah. Those who can. do.
What's that saying.
"You wanna see a woman's future.
look at her mother"?
Well. you are your mother.
-That's not even the saying.
idiot.
-I'm no idiot.
I'm a literal genius.
-Who's out of ideas.
A science has-been
who will be so close
for the rest of his life.
At least I started something
and finished it. and won.
That Nobel
you wanna fuck so bad?
I will kill us both
before letting you win it.
Start and finish. I win again.
-Oh. you know. there's just
one thing I'd love to finish?
You. Ow!
You!
[groans]
[doorbell rings]
Les: All right. already!
Ow. ow. ow! [yelping]
-[laughing]
-[doorbell ringing]
Les: Fuck!
What?!
-What happened to you?
Your eye. Eww.
-Nothing. Why are you here?
Vivian: You're late.
-Well. what time is it?
-Presentation time.
You're not answering your phone.
Lindy: Hey!
Hey. down here! Hey!
-One second.
-He made me tiny!
Down here! Hey!
-Just a minute.
-Fuck me.
[screams]
-Five minutes.
I'll be right behind you.
-[sighs]
[phone ringing]
[groans]
Lindy: Hi. Lulu.
-Hi. Tiny Mom.
Lindy: Oh. funny.
Lulu: I'm back at school.
-Uh. how did it go
with the review board?
-It hasn't happened yet. Um...
I'm thinking about bailing.
Lindy: Oh. yeah.
I get that instinct.
-What would you do?
-Uh. okay.
Uh. let me think. Um.
[clears throat] well...
Lulu: I know
you're excited I called.
Don't make it a thing.
I will hang up.
-Got it.
I would wanna bail too. but...
older. tiny me
might come to regret that.
-Like. regret what?
-It's self-destructive.
And they control the narrative.
[dramatic music playing]
Lulu?
-That's...
pretty good parenting.
What the fuck?
-I might know a thing or two
about a thing or two.
-There she is.
-I can only be me.
Lulu: Hey. so. you know. um.
I was thinking.
you get to hold this
"my husband shrunk me" shit
over Dad
for. like. forever.
Like. you could be
tiny for...forever.
Which. that's kind of cool.
but...
is it cool forever?
You know. I'm just saying.
you know. forever leverage.
-Yeah. I'm not thrilled
with the idea of forever.
Uh. but I currently
don't have a choice.
so I am making peace with it.
-Are you stamping
your tiny foot right now?
If a tiny person
stamps their foot.
does it make a sound?
-Once again. funny.
-Just thoughts. Okay.
I think I know
what I'm gonna do.
But I want it
to be a cliffhanger.
Bye. Tiny Mom.
-Uh--
[phone disconnects]
[tense music playing]
-So you're gonna hate me.
but then you're gonna love me.
-I need a third option.
Oliver: Cyd called.
-Oh.
-Ultimatum.
Lindy's second book
or your imprint is dead.
Like her patience.
-Lindy doesn't have
a second book.
-Or does she?
-No. she does not.
-Hell yes. she does.
-Ultimatum.
Jackie finished her novel.
Untitled on Purpose.
-That was quick.
Hel: Well. she's prolific
and driven and willing.
But I have a strict moral code.
-Huh.
-So let's wheel and deal.
You get the book.
slap Lindy's name on it.
save your imprint. or...
my dad.
He doesn't know anything
about this...yet.
-Yeah. so I did
a little research and it's true.
Jackie finished her novel
and. um...
your cowboy has a daughter.
and it's Hel.
-Me.
Oliver: This is the hate part.
but. like. let's just focus
on the love part.
-Which is what. exactly?
-Whatever you choose.
Hel: It's an ethics test.
Your imprint or my dad.
Lies or love.
[quirky music playing]
Terry: Uh...
me.
I choose me.
Which means I choose him.
whatever his name may be.
-Love the me choice.
hate the rhyme.
-Is this gonna be
a problem?
-First thing you've said
that I respected.
Philip.
Dad's name is Philip.
Goes by Flip.
-Oh. Flip?
I flipped for Flip.
-Oh. God.
-That's good there. right?
Oliver: Very.
-How does one solve the
problem of feeding the world?
Only Les Littlejohn knows.
Now. what if
we could take. say.
an ear of corn
and shrink it to a fraction...
-Where is this jackass?
-I can assure you.
he will be here.
Les: ...a hundred.
a thousand ears of corn.
[soft music playing]
-I know I'm late. I know.
I just--I just need a minute.
I fell down.
Martin: Oh. really?
-Yeah.
-Mount Kilimanjaro?
-Yes. Practically. yes.
-Hilton is going
to sell the tech
to the military.
"Bang to boom." he said.
-What. after we solve
world hunger or what?
-No. instead of.
Tiny soldiers. tiny missiles.
Big surprise.
-But I am so close...
-Close. I know.
-...for real. For real.
-For real. I know.
I believe you.
Now. Hilton owns the tech.
he--he's gonna do with it
whatever he wants anyway.
but we can't be party to that.
So walk--no. run.
You run away.
-I...
I don't think I can.
-Give them what they want.
-Mm.
-You out.
the tech in government hands.
but not the restoration. Okay?
-What about my Nobel?
What if I'm--
what if I'm out of ideas?
-Um. it's time!
-Les. you have
the fate of the planet
in your hands.
-Me?
-Don't fuck it up.
-I see you.
Looking at me. judging me.
like smug dicks.
But you will never judge me
as harsh as I judge myself.
[uplifting music playing]
I've realized that
I've been trying to live up
to other's expectations of me.
I don't know
what I want for myself.
And I thought
that was a problem...
but it's not.
It's just the process.
And I can figure that out here
or somewhere else.
Honestly.
I'm okay either way.
[music continues]
[phone keyboard clicking]
Any chance you might
be swingin'
by the airport tonight?
-He looks fuckin' nuts.
-Yes. Quite.
-Science is not magic.
No.
There is no "ta-da!"
There is not.
It is work.
Hard work.
Evidently.
It's frustration.
It's passion.
It's misery and joy.
And it's fear.
You can spend years lost.
wandering among the trees.
wishing. hoping.
maybe even praying. which...
goes against all established
scientific understanding
that maybe one day
you will finally...
see the forest.
Well...
today is that day.
[suspenseful music playing]
Let's finish what we started.
[softly] Fuck.
Here are my final thoughts.
H-hat equals H-bar omega
times A-dagger A
plus one half plus...
[clears throat]
plus P-hat squared
over two M plus two
over M-omega squared--
uh. X squared. which...
which...
[dramatic music playing]
-It's upside down.
It's inverted.
Janet. invert.
M-omega squared X squared
over two.
-Bobs. invert.
-Invert!
Inverted M-omega squared
X squared over two.
-Carl. implement.
[suspenseful music playing]
-Let's make history.
[sizzling]
-Oh.
[beeping]
-Gentlepeople. three minutes
until the curve reaches
limitless stabilization.
-Translation?
-Ta-da!
[people chattering]
[beeps]
-[sighs. laughs] Okay.
Fuck. I fuckin' hate
tape measures.
[grunts]
Okay. [exhales]
It is time you knew the truth
about Dr. Les Littlejohn.
[beeping]
[dramatic music playing]
-I did it.
I did it.
I did it!
Yes! We made history!
Limitless stabilization. Yeah!
-Translation?
-Hilton... [clears throat]
the corn. mathematically--
-Ah. let me. Let me.
Delicious.
Sweet and crisp. Mwah.
[people cheering]
-He did do it. Who knew?
-Oh. Oh. dear. [groans]
Oh. God. Oh. my God.
-Uh-oh.
-[gagging]
-Are you okay?
Les: Ow. oh!
Hilton: Les.
-[groaning]
Hilton: No. no. no.
Give him some room.
Les. Les. are you okay?
Give him some space.
-[high-pitched voice] Ta-da.
[laughs]
I got you!
Finally. I got you.
-Fuck yeah. you did.
Awesome Les.
[indistinct chatter]
-Oppenheimer's got nothing
on you. huh?
-Thank you.
Hilton: Thank you.
Let's talk numbers.
-What the fuck?
General Henderson:
Let's talk numbers.
Yeah.
[quirky music playing]
-Oh. no. you didn't.
-[laughs] Okay.
Fuck. I fuckin' hate
tape measures.
-[gasps]
-It is time you knew the truth
about Dr. Les Littlejohn.
All right. Nils.
You wanted to know more
about Les' secret project?
Here I am. Okay?
-Les.
[door closes]
-Is it the corn?
Are you sick?
Les: No. it's not the corn.
Uh. somebody emailed something.
Something not good.
uh. to a journalist.
and that something
is going to destroy me
just when I'm--
-Nils.
Is that the journalist?
-Yes. How did you know?
-You mentioned him before.
-Yes. well.
imagine what he could do
if he had something on me.
Something big--
uh. small. but very big.
What do I do?
-You sit...
relax.
[intriguing music playing]
Today is your day.
No...
it's our day.
We did it. Partners.
Don't worry about Nils.
Vivian's taken care of it.
Nils has retired permanently.
Nils is not a problem.
-He's not?
-Who sent you the email?
Tell Vivian.
Who is your problem?
-Are you going third-person?
-I find it effective
in situations such as this.
Now...tell Vivian.
-Um...
-Fine.
Doesn't matter who.
Sometimes.
when someone threatens
the most important thing
in the world to you.
you have no choice
but to eliminate them.
Because the someone
who would do something like that
is never going to stop.
You are going
to have to stop them.
Does that scare you?
-No. Yes. No. Uh. a little.
-I'm not suggesting you
physically murder someone.
Did you think that?
-No.
Yes. No. A little.
-No. I'm-I'm only suggesting...
-Get creative.
-Why. yes.
Get creative.
And then.
leave the rest to fate.
Fate makes its own choices.
-Fate.
Yes. that is creative.
-Come on. Nils.
[cork pops]
-Whoo!
Okay. write me back.
Write me back. Nils. Jesus.
Come on. Nils.
[cat meows]
-Lindy.
Lindy. I have
a surprise for you.
I'm unarmed.
There's no tricks
up these sleeves.
I come bringing
tidings of great joy.
I solved
the restoration formula.
I can make you big again.
if that's something
you're interested in.
[suspenseful music playing]
Hilton: Going to celebrate?
[door closes]
-I've decided.
We're keeping him.
-Yeah. He won't play ball.
-You don't know that.
-I do. actually.
That's kinda my thing.
Just fire him.
-I can get him to play.
Les' brain is
a valuable asset to us.
-More valuable
than mine or yours?
-You're making me choose.
-Well. then we should
both choose wisely.
-What? I'm not even blocking.
just go around.
-You better not
be fucking with me.
[cat meows]
-Oh. no. It's true. I did it.
I remain a literal genius.
Look. I miniaturized
and restored Mr. Magoo.
-How's that proof?
I never saw him tiny.
I hate that cat.
Les: Well. that's funny.
He told me he hates you too.
[cat meows]
Les: What's that. Magoo? Huh?
You're hungry? Oh. poor thing.
He's been through a lot.
Oh. what am I saying?
You know. sorta.
Well. gotta feed him.
It'd be inhumane not to. right?
You know. Dr. Carmichael said
that I can't force
change on you.
so I'm having second thoughts
about making you big.
I think I've learned
that I have to accept you
for who you are.
the way you are.
And that you're
never gonna stop.
[watch beeps]
I gotta eat myself.
worked up quite the appetite.
I think I deserve a good meal.
And so. I bid you farewell
and I wish you
the best of luck.
[dramatic music playing]
I'll leave it up to fate.
[door opens and closes]
[growling]
-Good kitty.
Easy. Magoo.
Easy.
Fuck.
[growling]
[panting]
Magoo. stop! Bad cat.
Stop! Oh. shit.
-[meows]
[growling]
-So be honest. when I took
a bite of the sweet corn.
did you think
I was going to explode?
Did you? You didn't?
Did I? I don't know.
I mean--I mean. not really.
But--but. you know. I was
thinking. um. trust the math.
-Uh-hmm.
-Trust the math. That's what--
Oh! Did you see Hilton?
Did you see his face?
Was he scared? I didn't see--
-Let's not focus on Hilton.
-Yeah. fuck that guy.
Let's focus on me instead.
[laughs]
-Let--let's focus on us.
-[laughs] Yeah.
I'm the fuckin' golden boy.
Cheers to me.
-Cheers to us
and everything we want
to accomplish...
together.
-You know. I can't believe it.
I mean. I can believe it.
but I can't believe it
because. you know.
I did make fuckin' history.
If only Lindy
could see me now. right?
-Lindy?
Les: Yeah.
You know. I saw her
in my science thoughts
at the podium.
Um. that cocktail napkin
when she turned it
right side up?
[snaps] Bang. That was it.
I got it. Invert.
-Lindy...
Les: Uh-hmm.
-...helped you...
with science.
Les: Yeah.
I guess.
You know. cheers to me again.
Hmm. You're not really eating.
-I feel ill.
Les: Yeah. so do I a little bit.
in my stomach.
I think it's excitement.
-Les...we shared.
we got personal.
-Uh-hmm.
-We have secrets.
I thought we were partners.
a scientist standing
in front of another scientist.
-Yeah. of course. you helped.
[chuckles]
-Helped?
-Yeah.
-Like Lindy helped.
Les: You both helped.
But I plan on thanking you
in my acceptance speech.
um. when I win the Nobel.
and not Lindy.
And then everyone will know
that you contributed
and not Lindy.
And that's very important to me.
-Not-Lindy is more
important to you...
than us.
-Not really following.
-Exactly.
[playful music playing]
-I think you should
collect your things.
-Uh. from what? From here?
-From the office.
-Oh. yes. good idea.
We need more space. We do.
-In a way.
Excuse me a moment.
-Can I. uh. order you
anything else?
-I'm done.
-Is that--is she leaving?
[beeps]
Les: Fuck.
[continues beeping]
-That's my stuff!
Hey! [pounding]
I know you can see me.
Open the fucking door!
[door beeps]
-My ID's not working.
-Where is Mr. Magoo?
-You gonna let me in?
-Is this about a cat?
-I want my tiny cat back.
-I restored him!
I took him home.
It's fucking Lindy's cat.
I hate that cat.
-I don't know who you are.
[quirky music playing]
Les: Aren't you gonna
let me in?!
Oh. fuck this!
[car door closes]
[engine starts]
Les: You think you can
lock me out. motherfuckers?
[tires screeching]
-[laughs]
It's my fucking lab! Mine!
[laughing]
Oh. goddammit.
[sighs] Goddammit.
-What was the plan here?
-My ID didn't work.
-And you were gonna drive
through the lobby?
-Yeah.
Martin: You didn't listen.
I tried.
I was passionate about it.
I cursed.
I warned you
about these people.
-You did.
Martin: You dummy.
Now it's over.
Hilton has everything.
We have...nothing.
-Well. I...
I couldn't help it.
It's my life's work.
I had to do it.
-Les...
the Nobel was never
on the table.
They were always going
to steal your tech.
-[sniffles] Martin.
without the Nobel...
I'm not worthy.
-Worthy of what?
-Her.
Lindy.
[dramatic music playing]
I needed Lindy
to be proud of me.
Lindy's the only person
who's ever really gotten me.
seen me.
Lindy. [sniffs]
I can't get her out of my head.
She's everywhere.
[ominous music playing]
Oh. God.
Oh. fuck. Oh. fuck. Oh.
Martin: What? I can't keep up.
-Uh. Martin...
can you get back in there?
-What did I just say?
-I have to get the formula.
Oh. fuck. fuck.
I can't go home without it.
I need a ride.
-No. you're gonna have to take
an Uber because I got Dana.
-No. you're gonna fucking
drive me home fucking now.
-What? No. That--what?
-This is life or death. Martin.
for real this time.
for really. really. real.
Magoo could eat her.
-The cat?
-Yeah. I'll explain--
-What do you mean?
-I'll explain to you
and Dana later.
You gotta drive me. Come on.
-What do you mean. eat her?
Why? What are you--
[tense music playing]
[cat meows]
-Fuck. [panting]
[grunts]
[Richard grunting]
Richie!
-Huh? Ah! No. no. no!
-What? Whoa!
-Go. go!
-Come on. [gasping]
Oh. good. Good. good.
We're safe. We're safe.
The fat lady hasn't sung.
man. okay?
Richard: Well.
I appreciate your...
-You're alive. You're alive!
-You're a strong one.
But I just--
I'm trying to reconcile
Les the husband
and Les the scientist.
What drives a man
to-to such generosity
and compassion towards science.
and yet such selfish
heartlessness towards his wife?
-Oh. God.
-I just--tell me. why?
I'm asking you again. Why Les?
-Richie...
-What? No. no. no.
-...this is not
the time for this.
-No. listen.
Why marry a man who has no--
-[cat growls]
-[screaming] No. no!
-Richie!
Richard: Lindy. help me!
Please! Mommy!
♪ Yes. 'cause it's gone. ♪
♪ Daddy. gone ♪
♪ The love is gone ♪
♪ Yeah. it's gone. ♪
♪ Daddy. gone ♪
♪ The love is gone ♪
♪ Yeah. it's gone. ♪
♪ Daddy. gone ♪
♪ The love is gone ♪
♪ Yeah. it's gone. ♪
♪ Daddy. gone ♪
♪ The love is gone away ♪
♪ When I see you ♪
♪ Eyes will turn blue ♪
♪ A thousand eyes ♪
♪ Turning blue ♪
♪ 'Cause it's gone. ♪
♪ Daddy. gone ♪
♪ The love is gone ♪
♪ Gone. daddy. gone ♪
♪ Yeah. it's gone. ♪
♪ Daddy. gone ♪
♪ The love is gone ♪
♪ Beautiful girl. ♪
♪ Lovely dress ♪
♪ Fifteen smiles. oh yes ♪
♪ Beautiful girl. ♪
♪ Lovely dress ♪
♪ Where she is now. ♪
♪ I can only guess ♪
♪ 'Cause it's gone. ♪
♪ Daddy. gone ♪
♪ The love is gone ♪
♪ Yeah. it's gone. ♪
♪ Daddy. gone ♪
♪ The love is gone ♪
♪ Said it's gone. ♪
♪ Daddy. gone ♪
♪ The love is gone ♪
♪ Yeah. it's gone. ♪
♪ Daddy. gone ♪
♪ The love is gone away ♪
♪ Gone away ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm